but what is this video about is a subject
very talked about who will win a battle
Between goku and superman one million good
let's start, I'm a fan
good let's see to start the video let's see
the power of goku in all its
good transformations here will fight
superman one million he has nothing
to do with the original manga means that
it does not exist like goku super saiyan
4 but here it is we will go to all
goku 60 million goku ssj 1,225 million
goku ssj 2 450 million goku ssj 3 900
millions
goku ssj 43 billion 200 million
goku ssj goodbye 200,000 million wow that
it's a lot of power but that's the reality
this is the original of good goku
let's start quickly
before starting we will remove the doubt of
who would win between collect ssj 4 and
superman
option
A) Yes
no no
Y
who the hell are you
I am not nor free
I 'm not the one in charge of killing you
or not
I can believe it is great dad's
nicer transit well in their bodies and
they look very strong they did not join it
merged bread
well it does not matter it can be any of
it's already clear to you, this is what
which is called fusion
practical
I also say the same the powers of the
Mr. Goku and Vegeta are amazing is
are you really
excuse some of you
merge with me
to
one
I ask you please what happens is that
I want to become stronger
help me fuck bronx
yes it's fine but first of all you
we will help to heal those wounds
m
the ways
go go with a reason for a italy
show me receiving 332 apologize
this time I will do it more slowly so that
can you see it calmly
single
since many say that superman one
millionaire poop of goku ssj god or goku
ssj 4 and with old age it's just that look
they said that it did not exceed light speed
and he already did it and I could not see his
blows is very fast goku although not
have to take is the already exceeded the
speed of the second wave of light in
the movie of the battle of the gods
they reached the atmosphere in couple of
seconds what would be impossible since
It would take hours or weeks, well, I know that
the video lasts 5 minutes but it will be
of two parts the next video will be
talked about superman and the final battle
see you